We pay our respects to Your Majesty and the Empress Dowager.
Everyone, please rise and thank His Majesty.
I wish for everyone’s health and well-being.
And may our Great Liang
enjoy peace and prosperity.
Your Majesty’s reputation
Everything seems different from the past.
I wish the Empress Dowager boundless happiness and peace.
This is coral from the South Sea
that I personally brought back.
I hope the Empress Dowager likes it. Duke Duan has made a thoughtful gesture.
This is Duke Duan George.
He doesn’t seem like someone from the royal family at all.
My younger brother,
Father and Mother often taught me
to prioritize the people.
Now the Great Liang is peaceful and prosperous.
If Father were here,
he would surely praise Elder Brother.
Everyone praises this literary talent, but it seems mindless.
Who doesn’t know the late Emperor favored the treacherous and ruined his wife?
He almost promoted him to a high position.
Oh, my good brother,
look at what you’re saying.
Those who know might think you’re just speaking auspicious words.
Those who don’t know
might think Father has possessed you.
To specially praise your son’s superior.
Elder Brother, you see, I absolutely did not mean that.
Elder Brother, you see,
I was just making a joke.
Alright, Rui’er,
stop talking nonsense.
I’m not angry with you.
You may rise.
Thank you, Your Majesty. Duke Duan is either hiding or too audacious to show respect.
I actually lost to such a person in my past life.